yertle the turtle on the far away island of sala ma sond yertle the turtle was king of the pond. a nice little pond. it was clean. it was neat. the water was warm. there was plenty to eat. the turtles had everything turtles might need. and they were all happy. quite happy indeed. they were. untill yertle the king of them all decided the kingdom he ruled was too small. im ruler said yertle of all that i see. but i dont see enough. thats the trouble with me. with this stone for a throne i look down on my pond but i cannot look down on the places beyond. this throne that i sit on is too too low down. it ought to be higher. he said with a frown. if i could sit high how much greater id be. what a king. id be ruler of all that i see. so yertle the turtle king lifted his hand and yertle the turtle king gave a command. he ordered nine turtles to swim to his stone and using these turtles he built a new throne. he made each turtle stand on another ones back and he piled them all up in a nine turtle stack. and then yertle climbed up. he sat down on the pile. what a wonderful view. he could see most a mile. all mine. yertle cried. oh the things i now rule. im the king of a cow. and im the king of a mule. im the king of a house. and whats more beyond that im the king of a blueberry bush and a cat. im yertle the turtle. oh marvelous me. for i am the ruler of all that i see. and all through the morning he sat up there high saying over and over a grat king am i. until long about noon. then he heard a faint sigh. whats that. snapped the king and he looked down the stack. and he saw at the bottom a turtle named mack. just a part of his throne. and this plain little turtle looked up and he said beg your pardon king yertle. ive pains in my back and my shoulders and knees. how long must we stand here your majesty please. silence. the king of the turtles barked back. im king and youre only a turtle named mack. you stay in your place while i sit here and rule. im the king of a cow. and im the king of a mule. im the king of a house. and a bush. and a cat. but that isnt all. ill do better than that. my throne shall be higher. his royal voice thundered so pile up more turtles. i want bout two hundred. turtles. more turtles. he bellowed and brayed. and the turtles way down in the pond were afraid. they trembled. they shook. but they came. they obeyed. from all over the pond they came swimming by dozens. whole families of turtles with uncles and cousins. and all of them stepped on the head of poor mack. one after another they climbed up the stack. then yertle the turtle was perched up so high he could see fourty miles from his throne in the sky. hooray. shouted yertle. im the king of the trees. im king of the birds. and im king of the bees. im king of the butterflies. king of the air. ah me. what a throne. what a wonderful chair. im yertle the turtle. oh marvelous me. for i am the ruler of all that i see. then again from below in the great heavy stack came a groan from that plain little turtle named mack. your majesty please. i dont like to complain but down here below we are feeling great pain. i know up on top you are seeing great sights but down here at the bottom we too should have rights. we turtles cant stand it. our shells will all crack. besides we need food. we are starving. groaned mack. you hush up your mouth. howled the mighty king yertle. youve no right to talk to the worlds highest turtle. i rule from the clouds. over land. over sea. theres nothing no nothing thats higher than me. but while he was shouting he saw with suprise that the moon of the evening was starting to rise up over his head in the darkening skies. whats that. snorted yertle. say what is that thing that dares to be higher than yertle the king. i shall not allow it. ill go higher still. ill build my throne higher. i can and i will. ill call some more turtles. ill stack em to heaven. i need bout five thousand six hundred and seven. but as yertle the turtle king lifted his hand and started to order and give the command that plain little turtle below in the stack that plain little turtle whose name was just mack decided hed taken enough. and he had. and that plain little lad got a bit mad. and that plain little mack did a plain little thing. he burped. and his burp shook the throne of the king. and yertle the turtle the king of the trees the king of the air and the birds and the bees the king of a house and a cow and a mule. well that was the end of the turtle kings rule. for yertle the king of all sala ma sond fell off his high throne and fell plunk. in the pond. and tosay the great yertle that marvelous he is king of the mud. that is all he can see. and the turtles of course. all the turtles are free as turtles and maybe all creatures should be. abc big a little a what begins with a. aunt annies alligator.a.a.a big b little b what begins with b. barber baby bubbles and a bumblebee. big c little c what begins with c. camel on the ceiling c.c.c big d little d what begins with d. david donald doo dreamed a doen doughnuts and a duck dog too. abcde.e.e ear egg elephant e e e big f little f f. f.f four fluffy feathers on a fiffer feffer feff. abcdeg goat girl googoo goggles g.g.g big h little h hungry horse. hay. hen in a hat. hooray. hooray. big i little i i.i.i icabod is itchy. so am i. big j little j what begins with j. jerry jordans jelly jar and jam begins that way. big k little k kitten. kangaroo. kick a ketlle. kite and a kings kerchoo. big l little l little lola lopp. left leg. lazy lion licks a lollipop. big m little m many mumbling mice are making midnight music in the moonlight.mighty nice big n little n what begins with n. nine new neckties and a nigthshirt and a nose. o is very useful. you use it when you say  oscar s only ostrich oiled an orange owl today. abcdefghijklmno.p painting pink pajamas. police in a pail. peter peppers puppy. and now. papas in the pail. big q little q what begins with q. the quick queen of quincy and her quacking quacker oo. big r little r rosy robin ross. rosys going riding on her red rhinoceros. big s little s silly sammy slick sipped six sodas and got sick sick sick. t.t t.t what begins with t. ten tired turtles on a tuttle tuttle tree. big u little u what begins with u. uncle ubbs umbrella and his underwear too. big v little v vera violet vinn is very very very awful on her violin. w.w.w willy waterloo washes warren wiggins who in washing waldo woo. x is very useful if your name is nixie knox. it also comes in handy spelling ax and extre fox. big y lttle y a yawing yellow yak. young yolanda yorgenson is yelling on his back. abcdefg.hijklmnop.qrstuv.w.xy. and z big z little z what begins with z. i do. i am zizzer zazzer zuzz as you can plainly see. the sneetches now the star belly sneetches had bellies with stars. the plain belly sneetches had none upon thars. those stars werent so big. they were really so small you might think such a thing wouldnt matter at all. but because they had stars all the star belly sneetches would brag were the best kind of sneetch on the beaches. with their snoots in the air they would sniff and theyd snort well have nothing to do with the plain belly sort. and whenever they met some when they were out walking theyd hike right on past them without even talking. when the star belly children went out to play ball could a plain belly get in the game. . not at all. you only could play if your bellies had stars. and the plain belly children had none upon thars. when the star belly sneetches had frankfurter roasts or picnics or parties or marshmallow toasts they never invited the plain belly sneetches. they left them out cold in the dark of the beaches. they kept them away. never let them come near. and thats how they treated them year after year. then one day it seems. while the plain belly sneetches were moping and doping alone on the beaches just sitting there wishing their bellies had stars. a stranger zipped up in the strangest of cars. my friends he announced in a voice clear and keen my name is sylvester mcmonkey mcbean. and ive heard of your troubles. ive heard youre unhappy. but i can fix that. im the fix it up chappie. ive come here to help you. i have what you need. and my prices are low. and i work at great speed. and my work is one hundred percent guaranteed. then quickly sylvester mcmonkey mcbean put together a very peculiar machine. and he said you want stars like a star belly sneetch. . my friends you can have them for three dollars each. just pay me your money and hop right aboard. so they clambered inside. then the big machine roared and it klonked. and it bonked. and it jerked. and it berked. and it bopped them about. but the thing really worked. when the plain belly sneetches popped out they had stars. they actually did. they had stars upon thars. then they yelled at the ones who had stars at the start were exactly like you. you cant tell us apart. were all just the same now you snooty old smarties. and now we can go to your frankfurter parties. good grief. groaned the ones who had stars at the first. were still the best sneetches and they are the worst. but now how in the world will we know they all frowned if which kind is what or the other way round. then up came mcbean with a very sly wink and he said things are not quite as bad as you think. so you dont know whos who. that is perfectly true. but come with me friends. do you know what ill do. ill make you again the best sneetches on the beaches and all it will cost you is ten dollars eaches. belly stars are no longer in style said mcbean. what you need is a trip through my star off machine. this wondrous contraption will take off your stars so you wont look like sneetches who have them on thars. and that handy machine working very precisely removed all the stars from their tummies quite nicely. then with snoots in the air they paraded about and they opened their beaks and they let out a shout we know who is who. now there isnt a doubt. the best kind of sneetches are sneetches without. then of course those with stars got frightfully mad. to be wearing a star now was frightfully bad. then of course old sylvester mcmonkey mcbean invited them into his star off machine. then of course from then on as you probably guess things really got into a horrible mess. all the rest of that day on those wild screaming beaches the fix it up chappie kept fixing up sneetches. off again. on again. in again. out again. through the machines they raced round and about again changing their stars every minute or two. they kept paying money. they kept running through until neither the plain nor the star bellies knew whether this one was that one. or that one was this one or which one was what one. of what one was who. then when every last cent of their money was spent the fix it up chappie packed up and he went. and he laughed as he drove in his car up the beach they never will learn. no. you cant teach a sneetch. but mcbean was quite wrong. im quite happy to say that the sneetches got really quite smart on that day the day they decided that sneetches are sneetches and no kind of sneetch is the best on the beaches. that day all the sneetches forgot about stars and whether they had one or not upon thars. fox in socks by dr. seuss fox socks box knox knox in box. fox in socks. knox on fox in socks in box. socks on knox and knox in box. fox in socks on box on knox. chicks with bricks come. chicks with blocks come. chicks with bricks and blocks and clocks come. look sir. look sir. mr. knox sir. lets do tricks with bricks and blocks sir. lets do tricks with chicks and clocks sir. first ill make a quick trick brick stack. then ill make a quick trick block stack. you can make a quick trick chick stack. you can make a quick trick clock stack. and heres a new trick mr. knox. socks on chicks and chicks on fox. fox on clocks on bricks and blocks. bricks and blocks on knox on box. now we come to ticks and tocks sir. try to say this mr. knox sir. clocks on fox tick. clocks on knox tock. six sick bricks tick. six sick chicks tock. please sir. i dont like this trick sir. my tongue isnt quick or slick sir. i get all those ticks and clocks sir mixed up with the chicks and tocks sir. i cant do it mr. fox sir. im so sorry mr. knox sir. heres an easy game to play. heres an easy thing to say. new socks. two socks. whose socks. sues socks. who sews whose socks. sue sews sues socks. who sees who sew whose new socks sir. you see sue sew sues new socks sir. thats not easy mr. fox sir. who comes. . crow comes. slow joe crow comes. who sews crows clothes. sue sews crows clothes. slow joe crow sews whose clothes. sues clothes. sue sews socks of fox in socks now. slow joe crow sews knox in box now. sue sews rose on slow joe crows clothes. fox sews hose on slow joe crows nose. hose goes. rose grows. nose hose goes some. crows rose grows some. mr. fox. i hate this game sir. this game makes my tongue quite lame sir. mr. knox sir what a shame sir. well find something new to do now. here is lots of new blue goo now. new goo. blue goo. gooey. gooey. blue goo. new goo. gluey. gluey. gooey goo for chewy chewing. thats what that goo goose is doing. do you choose to chew goo too sir. if sir you sir choose to chew sir with the goo goose chew sir. do sir. mr. fox sir i wont do it. i cant say. i wont chew it. very well sir. step this way. well find another game to play. bim comes. ben comes. bim brings ben broom. ben brings bim broom. ben bends bims broom. bim bends bens broom. bims bends. bens bends. bens bent broom breaks. bims bent broom breaks. bens band. bims band. big bands. pig bands. bim and ben lead bands with brooms. bens band bangs and bims band booms. pig band. boom band. big band. broom band. my poor mouth cant say that. no sir. my poor mouth is much too slow sir. well then. bring your mouth this way. ill find it something it can say. luke luck likes lakes. lukes duck likes lakes. luke luck licks lakes. lucks duck licks lakes. duck takes licks in lakes luke luck likes. luke luck takes licks in lakes duck likes. i cant blab such blibber blubber. my tongue isnt make of rubber. mr. knox. now come now. come now. you dont have to be so dumb now. try to say this mr. knox please. through three cheese trees three free fleas flew. while these fleas flew freezy breeze blew. freezy breeze made these three trees freeze. freezy trees made these trees cheese freeze. thats what made these three free fleas sneeze. stop it. stop it. thats enough sir. i cant say such silly stuff sir. very well then mr. knox sir. lets have a little talk about tweetle beetles. what do you know about tweetle beetles. well. when tweetle beetles fight its called a tweetle beetle battle. and when they battle in a puddle its a tweetle beetle puddle battle. and when tweetle beetles battle with paddles in a puddle they call it a tweetle beetle puddle paddle battle. and. when beetles battle beetles in a puddle paddle battle and the beetle battle puddle is a puddle in a bottle. .they call this a tweetle beetle bottle puddle paddle battle muddle. and. when beetles fight these battles in a bottle with their paddles and the bottles on a poodle and the poodles eating noodles. .they call this a muddle puddle tweetle poodle beetle noodle bottle paddle battle. and. now wait a minute mr. socks fox. when a fox is in the bottle where the tweetle beetles battle with their paddles in a puddle on a noodle eating poodle this is what they call. .a tweetle beetle noodle poodle bottled paddled muddled duddled fuddled wuddled fox in socks sir. fox in socks our game is done sir. thank you for a lot of fun sir.  up pup pup is up. cup pup pup in cup. pup cup cup on pup. mouse house mouse on house. house mouse house on mouse. all tall we all are tall. all small we all are small. all ball we all play ball. ball wall up on a wall. all fall fall off the wall. day play we play all day. night fight we fight all night.he me he is after me. him jim jim is after him. see bee we see a bee. see bee three now we see three. three tree three fish in a tree. fish in a tree. how can that be. red red they call me red. red bed i am in bed. red ned ted and ed in bed pat pat they call him pat. pat sat pat sat on hat. pat cat pat sat on cat. pat bat pat sat on bat. no pat no don sit on that. sad dad bad had dad is sad. very very sad. he had a bad day. what a day dad had. thing thing what is that thing.thing sing that thing can sing. song long a long long song. good by thing. you sing too long. walk walk we like to walk. walk talk we like to talk. hop pop we like to hop. we like to hop on top of pop. stop you must not hop on pop. mr. brown mrs. brown mr. brown upside down. pup up. brown down. pup is down. where is brown. where is brown. there is brown. mr. brown is out of town. back black brown came back.brown came back with mr. black. snack snack eat a snack. eat a snack with brown and black. jump bump he jumped. he bumped. fast past he went past fast. went tent sent he went into the tent. i sent him out of the tent. wet get two dogs get wet. help yelp they yelp for help. hill will will went up hill. will hill still will is up hill still. father mother sister brother that one is my other brother. my brothers read a little bit. little words like if and it. my father can read big words too. like constantinople and timbuktu say say what does this say. seehemewepatpup pop hethreetreebee tophopstop ask me tomorrow but not today.  horton hears a who on the 15th of may in the jungle of nool in the heat of the day in the cool of the pool he was splashing enjoying the jungle great joys when horton the elephant heard a small noise. so horton stopped splashing. he looked toward the sound. that funny thought horton. there no one around. then he heard it again. just a very faint yelp as if some tiny person were calling for help. il help you said horton. but who are you. where. he looked and he looked. he could see nothing there but a small speck of dust blowing past through the air. i say. murmured horton. ie never heard tell of a small speck of dust that is able to yell. so you know what i think. why i think that there must be someone on top of that small speck of dust. some sort of a creature of very small size too small to be seen by an elephant eyes  some poor little person who shaking with fear that hel blow in the pool. he has no way to steer. il just have to save him. because after all a person a person no matter how small. so gently and using the greatest of care the elephant stretched his great trunk through the air and he lifted th i do these small persons may come to great harm. i can put it down. and i won. after all a person a person. no matter how small. then horton stopped walking. the speck voice was talking. the voice was so faint he could just barley hear it. speak up please said horton. he put his ear near it. my friend came the voice youe a very fine friend. youe helped all us folks on this dust speck no end. youe saved all our houses our ceilings and floors. youe saved all our churches and grocery stores. you mean horton gasped you have buildings there too. oh yes piped the voice. we most certainly do i know called the voice i too small to be seen but i mayor of a town that is friendly and clean. our buildings to you would seem terribly small but to us who aren big they are wonderfully tall. my town is called who ville for i am a who and we whos are all thankful and grateful to you. and horton called back to the mayor of the town youe safe now. don worry. i won let you down. but just as he spoke to the mayor of the speck three big jungle monkeys climbed up horton neck. the wickersham brothers came shouting what rot. this elephant talking to whos who are not. there aren any whos. and they don have a mayor. and wee going to stop all the nonsense. so there. they snatched horton clover. they carried it off to a black bottomed eagle named vlad vlad i koff a mighty strong eagle of very swift wing and they said will you kindly get rid of this thing. and before the poor elephant even could speak that eagle flew off with the flower in his beak. all that latte afternoon and far into the night that black bottomed bird flapped his wings in fast flight while horton chased after with groans over stones that tattered his toenails and battered his bones and begged please don harm all my little folks who have as much right to live as us bigger folks do. but far far beyond him that eagle kept flapping and over his shoulder called back quit your yapping. il fly the night through. i a bird. i don mind it. and il hide this tomorrow where youl never find it. and at 6 56 the next morning he did it. it sure was a terrible place that he hid it. he let that small clover drop somewhere inside of a great patch of clovers a hundred miles wide. find that. sneered the bird. but i think you will fail. and he left with a flip of his blackbottomed tail. il find it. cried horton. il find it or bust. i shall find my friends on my small speck of dust. and clover by clover by clover with care he picked up and searched them and called are you there. but clover by clover by clover he found that the one that he sough for was just not around. and by noon poor old horton more dead than alive had picked searched and piled up nine thousand and five. then on through the afternoon hour after hour till he found them at last. on the three millionth flower. my friends. cried the elephant. tell me. do tell. are you safe. are you sound. are you whole. are you well. from down on the speck came the voice of the mayor  wee really had trouble. much more that our share. when that black bottomed birdie let go and we dropped we landed so hard that our clocks have all stopped. our tea pots are broken. our rocking chairs smashed. and our bicycle tired all blew up when we crashed. so horton please. pleaded that voice of the mayor will you stick by us whos while wee making repairs. of course horton answered. of course i will stick. il stick by you small folks through thin and through thick. humpf. humpfed a voice. for almost two days youe run wild and insisted on chatting with persons whoe never existed. such carryings on in our peaceable jungle. wee had quite enough of your bellowing bungle. and i here to state snapped the big kangaroo that your silly nonsensical game is all through. and the young kangaroo in her pouch said me too. with the help of the wickersham brothers and dozens of wickersham uncles and wickersham cousins and wickersham in laws whose help ie engaged youe going to be roped. and youe going to be caged. and as for our dust speckhah. that we shall boil in hot steaming kettle of beezle nut oil. boil it. gasped horton. oh that you can do. it all full of persons. theyl prove it to you. mr. mayor. mr. mayor. horton called. mr. mayor. youe got to prove now that you really are there. so call a big meeting. get everyone out. make every who holler. make every who shout. make every who scream. if you don every who is going to end up in a beezle nut stew. and down on the dust speck the scared little mayor quick called a big meeting in who ville town square. and his people cried loudly. they cried out in fear  we are here. we are here. we are here. we are here. the elephant smiled  that was clear as a bell. you kangaroos surely heard that very well. all i heard snapped the big kangaroo was the breeze and the faint sound of wind through the far distant trees. i heard no small voices. and you didn either. and the young kangaroo in her pouch said me neither. grab him. they shouted. and cage the big dope. lasso his stomach with ten miles of rope. tie the knots tight so hel never shake loose. then dunk that dumb speck in the beezle nut juice. horton fought back with great vigor and vim but the wickersham gang was too many for him. they beat him. they mauled him. they started to haul him into his cage. but he managed to call to the mayor  don give up. i believe in you all. a person a person no matter how small. and you very small persons will not have to die if you make yourselves heard. so come on now and try. the mayor grabbed a tom tom. he started to smack it. and all over who ville they whooped up a racket. they rattled tin kettles. they beat on brass pans on garbage pail tops and old cranberry cans. they blew on bazookas and blasted great toots on clarinets oompahs and boom pahs and flutes. great gusts of loud racket rang high through the air. they rattled and shook the whole sky. and the mayor called up through the howling mad hullabaloo  hey horton. how this. is our sound coming through. and horton called back i can hear you fine. but the kangaroos’ ears aren as strong quite as mine. they don hear a thing. are you sure all your boys are doing their best. are they all making noise. are you sure every who down in who ville is working. quick. look through your town. is there anyone shirking. through the town rushed the mayor from the east to the west. but everyone seemed to be doing his best. everyone seemed to be yapping or yipping. everyone seemed to be beeping or bipping. but it wasn enough all this ruckus and roar. he had to find someone to help him make more. he raced through each building. he searched floor to floor. and just as he felt he as getting nowhere and almost about to give up in despair he suddenly burst through a door and that mayor discovered on shirker. quite hidden away in the fairfax apartments apartment 12 j a very small very small shirker named jo jo was standing and bouncing a yo yo. not making a sound. not a yipp. not a chirp. and the mayor rushed inside and he greabbed the young twerp. and he climbed with the lad up the eiffelberg tower. this cried the mayor is your town darkest hour. the time for all whos who have blood that is red to come to the aid of their country. he said. wee got to make noises in greater amounts. so open your mouth lad. for every voice counts. thus he spoke as he climbed. when they got to the top the lad cleared his throat and he shouted out yopp. and that yopp that one small extra yopp put it over. finally at last. from that speck on that clover their voices were heard. they rang out clear and clean. and the elephant smiled. do you see what i mean. theye proved they are persons not matter how small. and their whole world was saved by the smallest of all. how true. yes how true said the big kangaroo. and from now on you know what i planning to do. from now on i going to protect them with you. and the young kangaroo in her pouch said me too. from sun in the summer. from rain when it fall ish i going to protect them. no matter how small ish.  how the grinch stole christmas by dr. suess every who down in whoville liked christmas a lot. but the grinchwho lived just north of whoville did not. the grinch hated christmas. the whole christmas season. now please dont ask why. no one quite knows the reason. it could be his head wasnt screwed on just right. it could be perhaps that his shoes were too tight. but i think that the most likely reason of all may have been that his heart was two sizes too small. whatever the reason his heart or his shoes he stood there on christmas eve hating the whos staring down from his cave with a sour grinchy frown at the warm lighted windows below in their town. for he knew every who down in whoville beneath was busy now hanging a mistletoe wreath. and theyre hanging their stockings. he snarled with a sneer tomorrow is christmas. its practically here. then he growled with his grinch fingers nervously drumming i must find some way to stop christmas from coming. for tomorrow he knew all the who girls and boys would wake bright and early. theyd rush for their toys. and then. oh the noise. oh the noise. noise. noise. noise. thats one thing he hated. the noise. noise. noise. noise. then the whos young and old would sit down to a feast. and theyd feast. and theyd feast. and theyd feast. feast. feast. feast. they would feast on who pudding and rare who roast beast. which was something the grinch couldnt stand in the least. and then theyd do something he liked least of all. every who down in whoville the tall and the small would stand close together with christmas bells ringing. theyd stand hand in hand. and the whos would start singing. theyd sing. and theyd sing. and theyd sing. sing. sing. sing. and the more the grinch thought of this who christmassing the more the grinch thought i must stop this whole thing. why for fifty three years ive put up with it now. i must stop this christmas from coming. but how. then he got an idea. an awful idea. the grinch got a wonderful awful idea. i know just what to do. the grinch laughed in his throat. and he made a quick santy claus hat and a coat. and he chuckled and clucked what a great grinchy trick. with this coat and this hat i look just like saint nick. all i need is a reindeer. the grinch looked around. but since reindeer are scarce there was none to be found. did that stop the old grinch. no. the grinch simply said if i cant find a reindeer ill make one instead. so he called his dog max. then he took some red thread and he tied a big horn on the top of his head. then he loaded some bags and some old empty sacks on a ramshackle sleigh and he hitched up old max. then the grinch said giddap. and the sleigh started down toward the homes where the whos lay asnooze in their town. all their windows were dark. quiet snow filled the air. all the whos were all dreaming sweet dreams without care. when he came to the first little house on the square. this is stop number one the old grinchy claus hissed and he climbed to the roof empty bags in his fist. then he slid down the chimney. a rather tight pinch. but if santa could do it then so could the grinch. he got stuck only once for a moment or two. then he stuck his head out of the fireplace flue. where the little who stockings all hung in a row. these stockings he grinned are the first things to go. then he slithered and slunk with a smile most unpleasant around the whole room and he took every present. pop guns. and bicycles. roller skates. drums. checkerboards. tricycles. popcorn. and plums. and he stuffed them in bags. then the grinch very nimbly stuffed all the bags one by one up the chimney. then he slunk to the icebox. he took the whos feast. he took the who pudding. he took the roast beast. he cleaned out that icebox as quick as a flash. why that grinch even took their last can of who hash. then he stuffed all the food up the chimney with glee. and now. grinned the grinch i will stuff up the tree. and the grinch grabbed the tree and he started to shove when he heard a small sound like the coo of a dove. he turned around fast and he saw a small who. little cindy lou who who was not more than two. the grinch had been caught by this tiny who daughter whod got out of bed for a cup of cold water. she stared at the grinch and said santy claus why why are you taking our christmas tree. why. but you know that old grinch was so smart and so slick he thought up a lie and he thought it up quick. why my sweet little tot the fake santy claus lied theres a light on this tree that wont light on one side. so im taking it home to my workshop my dear. ill fix it up there. then ill bring it back here. and his fib fooled the child. then he patted her head and he got her a drink and he sent her to bed. and when cindylou who went to bed with her cup he went to the chimney and stuffed the tree up. then the last thing he took was the log for their fire. then he went up the chimney himself the old liar. on their walls he left nothing but hooks and some wire. and the one speck of food that he left in the house was a crumb that was even too small for a mouse. then he did the same thing to the other whos houses leaving crumbs much too small for the other whos mouses. it was quarter past dawn. all the whos still a bed all the whos still asnooze when he packed up his sled packed it up with their presents. the ribbons. the wrappings. the tags. and the tinsel. the trimmings. the trappings. three thousand feet up. up the side of mt. crumpit he rode with his load to the tiptop to dump it. poohpooh to the whos. he was grinchishly humming. theyre finding out now that no christmas is coming. theyre just waking up. i know just what theyll do. their mouths will hang open a minute or two then the whos down in whoville will all cry boohoo. thats a noise grinned the grinch that i simply must hear. so he paused. and the grinch put his hand to his ear. and he did hear a sound rising over the snow. it started in low. then it started to grow. but the sound wasnt sad. why this sound sounded merry. it couldnt be so. but it was merry. very. he stared down at whoville. the grinch popped his eyes. then he shook. what he saw was a shocking surprise. every who down in whoville the tall and the small was singing. without any presents at all. he hadnt stopped christmas from coming. it came. somehow or other it came just the same. and the grinch with his grinch feet ice cold in the snow stood puzzling and puzzling  how could it be so. it came with out ribbons. it came without tags. it came without packages boxes or bags. and he puzzled three hours till his puzzler was sore. then the grinch thought of something he hadnt before. maybe christmas he thought doesnt come from a store. maybe christmas.perhaps.means a little bit more. and what happened then. well.in whoville they say that the grinchs small heart grew three sizes that day. and the minute his heart didnt feel quite so tight he whizzed with his load through the bright morning light and he brought back the toys. and the food for the feast. and he he himself. the grinch carved the roast beast.  the butter battle book on the last day of summer ten hours before fall my grandfather took me out to the wall. for a while he stood silent. then finally he said with a very sad shake of his very old head as you know on this side of the wall we are yooks. on the far other side of this wall live the zooks. then my grandfather said it high time that you knew of the terribly horrible thing that zooks do. in every zook house and in every zook town every zook eats his bread with the butter side down. but we yooks as you know when we breakfast or sup spread our bread grandpa said with the butter side up. that the right honest way. grandpa gritted his teeth. so you can trust a zook who spreads bread underneath. every zook must be watched. he has kinks in his soul. that why as a youth i made watching my goal watching zooks for the zook watching border patrol. in those day of course the wall wasn so high and i could look any zook square in the eye. if he dared to come close i could give him a twitch with my tough tufted prickely snick berry switch. for a while that worked fine. all the zooks stayed away and our country was safe. then one terrible day a very rude zook by the name of vanitch snuck up and slingshotted my snick berry switch. with my broken  off switch with my head hung in shame to the chief lookeroo in great sorrow i came. but our leader just smiled. he said  youe not to blame. and those zooks will be sorry they started this game. wel dress you right up in a fancier suit. wel give you a fancier slingshot to shoot. and he ordered the boys in the back room to figger how to build me some sort of triple sling jigger. with my triple sling jigger i sure felt much bigger. i marched to the wall with great vim and great vigor right up to vanitch with my hand on the trigger. il have no more nonsense i said with a frown from zooks who eat bread with the butter side down. vanitch looked quite sickly. he ran off quite quickly. i unhappy to say he came back the next day in a spiffy new suit with a big new machine and he snarled as he said looking frightfully mean you may fling those hard rocks with your triple sling jigger. but i also now have my hand on a trigger. my wonderful weapon the jigger rock snatchem will fling em right back just as quick as we catch em. wel have no more nonsense. wel take no more gupp from you yooks who eat bread with th butter side up. i have failed sir i sobbed as i made my report to the chief yookeroo in the headquarters fort. he just laughed. youe done nothing at all of the sort. our slingshots have failed. that was old fashioned stuff. slingshots dear boy are not modern enough. all we need is some newfangled kind of gun. my boys in the back room have already begun to think up a walloping whiz zinger one. my bright boys are thinking. theye on the right track. theyl think one up quick and wel send you right back. they thought up a great one. they certainly did. they thought up a gun called the kick a doo powder and ant eggs and bees’ legs and dried fried clam chowder. and they carefully trained a real smart dog named daniel to serve as our country first gun toting spaniel. then daniel the kick a poo spaniel and i marched back toward the wall with our heads held up gigh while everyone cheered and their cheers filled the sky  fight. fight for the butter side up. do or die. well we didn do. and we didn quite die. but we sure did get worsted poor daniel and i. vanitch was there too. and he said the old pig the boys as in my back room invented this rig called the eight nozzled elephant toted boom blitz. it shoots high explosive sour cherry stone pits and will put your dumb kick a poo kid on the fritz. poor daniel and i were scared out of our witz. once more by vanitch i was bested and beat. once again i limped home from the wall in defeat. i dragged and i sagged and my spirits were low as low as i thought that they ever could go when i heard a boom bah. and a diddle dee dill. and our butter up band marched up over the hill. the chief yookeroo had sent them to meet me along with the right side up song girls to greet me. they sang  oh be faithful. believe in thy butter. and they lifted my spirits right out of the gutter. my boy smiled the chief yookeroo wee just voted and made you a general. youe been promoted. your pretty new uniform ready. get in it. the big war is coming. youe going to begin it. and what more this time you are certain to win it. my boys in the back room have finally found how. just wait till you see what theye puttered up now. in their great new machine youl fly over that wall and clobber those butter down zooks one and all. those boys in the back room sure knew how to putter. they made me a thing called the utterly sputter and i jumped aboard with my heart all aflutter and steered toward the land of the upside down butter. this machine was so modern so frightfully new no one knew quite exactly just what it would do. but it had several faucets that sprinkled blue goo which somehow would sprinkle the zooks as i flew and gum up that upside down butter they chew. i was racing pell mell when i heard a voice yell if you sprinkle us zooks youl get sprinkled as well. vanitch had a sputter exactly like mine. and he yelled my blue gooer is working just fine. and i here to say that if yooks can goo zooks you better forget it. cause zooks can goo yooks. i flew right back home and as you may have guessed i was downright despondent disturbed and depressed. and i saw just as soon as i stepped back on land so were all of the girls of the butter up band. the chief drum majorette miz yookie ann sue said that was a pretty sour flight that you flew. and the chief yookeroo has been looking for you. i raced to his office. the place was a sight. have no fears said the chief. everything is all right. my bright back room boys have been brighter than bright. theye thought up a gadget that newer than new. it is filled with mysterious moo lacka moo and can blow all those zooks clear to sala ma goo. theye invented the bitsy big boy boomeroo. you just run to the wall like a nice little man. drop this bomb on the zooks just as fast as you can. i have ordered all yooks to stay safe underground while the bitsy big boy boomeroo is around. as i raced for that wall with the bomb in my hand i noticed that every last yook in our land was obeying our chief yookeroo grim command. they were all bravely marching with banners aflutter down a hole. for their country. and right side up butter. that when grandfather found me. he grabbed me. he said you should be down that hole. and youe up here instead. but perhaps this is all for the better somehow. you will see me make history. right here. and right now. grandpa leapt up that wall with a lopulous leap and he clearedhis harse throat with a bopulous beep. he screamed here the end of that terrible town full of zooks who eat bread with the butter side down. and at the very instant we heard a klupp klupp of feet on the wall and old vanitch klupped up. the boys in his back room had made him one too. in his fist was another big boy boomeroo. il blow you he yelled into pork and wee beans. il butter side up you to small smithereens. grandpa. i shouted. be careful. oh gee. who going to drop it. will you. or will he. be patient said grandpa. wel see. we will see oh baby the places youll go congratulations. today is your day. youre off to great places. youre off and away. you have brains in your head. you have feet in your shoes. you can steer yourself any direction you choose. youre on your own. and you know what you know. and you are the guy wholl decide where to go. youll look up and down streets. look em over with care. about some you will say i dont choose to go there. with your head full of brains and your shoes full of feet youre too smart to go down any not so good street. and you may not find any youll want to go down. in that case of course youll head straight out of town. its opener there in the wide open air. out there things can happen and frequently do to people as brainy and footsy as you. and then things start to happen dont worry. dont stew. just go right along. youll start happening too. oh. the places youll go. youll be on y our way up. youll be seeing great sights. youll join the high fliers who soar to high heights. you wont lag behind because youll have the speed. youll pass the whole gang and youll soon take the lead. wherever you fly youll be best of the best. wherever you go you will top all the rest. except when you dont. because sometimes you wont. im sorry to say so but sadly its true that bang ups and hang ups can happen to you. you can get all hung up in a prickle ly perch. and your gang will fly on. youll be left in a lurch. youll come down from the lurch with an unpleasant bump. and the chances are then that youll be in a slump. and when youre in a slump youre not in for much fun. un slumping yourself is not easily done. you will come to a place where the streets are not marked. some windows are lighted. but mostly theyre darked. a place you could sprain both your elbow and chin. do you dare to stay out. do you dare to go in. how much can you lose. how much can you win. and if you go in should you turn left or right. or right and three quarters. or maybe not quite. or go around back and sneak in from behind. simple its not im afraid you will find for a mind maker upper to make up his mind. you can get so confused that youll start in to race down long wiggled roads at a break necking pace and grind on for miles cross weirdish wild space headed i fear toward a most useless place. the waiting place. .for people just waiting. waiting for a train to go or a bus to come or a plane to go or the mail to come or the rain to go or the phone to ring or the snow to snow or the waiting around for a yes or no or waiting for their hair to grow. everyone is just waiting. waiting for the fish to bite or waiting for the wind to fly a kite or waiting around for friday night or waiting perhaps for their uncle jake or a pot to boil or a better break or a string of pearls or a pair of pants or a wig with curls or another chance. everyone is just waiting. no. thats not for you. somehow youll escape all that waiting and staying youll find the bright places where boom bands are playing. with banner flip flapping once more youll ride high. ready for anything under the sky. ready because youre that kind of a guy. oh the places youll go. there is fun to be done. there are points to be scored. there are games to be won. and the magical things you can do with that ball will make you the winning est winner of all. fame. youll be as famous as famous can be with the whole wide world watching you win on tv. except when they dont because sometimes they wont. im afraid that some times youll play lonely games too. games you cant win cause youll play against you. all alone. whether you like it or not alone will be something youll be quite a lot. and when youre alone theres a very good chance youll meet things that scare you right out of your pants. there are some down the road between hither and yon that can scare you so much you wont want to go on. but on you will go though the weather be foul. on you will go though your enemies prowl. on you will go though the hakken kraks howl. onward up many a frightening creek though your arms may get sore and your sneakers may leak. on and on you will hike and i know youll hike far and face up to your problems whatever they are. youll get mixed up of course as you already know. youll get mixed up with many strange birds as you go. so be sure when you step. step with care and great tact and remember that lifes a great balancing act. just never foget to be dexterous and deft. and never mix up your right foot with your left. and will you succeed. yes. you will indeed. 98 and 3 4 percent guaranteed. kid youll move mountains. so. be your name buxbaum or bixby or bray or mordecai ali van allen oshea youre off the great places. today is your day. your mountain is waiting. so.get on your way.  the lorax at the far end of town where the grickle grass grows and the wind smells slow and sour when it blows and no birds ever sing excepting old crows. is the street of the lifted lorax. and deep in the grickle grass some people say if you look deep enough you can still see today where the lorax once stood just as long as it could before somebody lifted the lorax away. what was the lorax. and why was it there. and why was it lifted and taken somewhere from the far end of town where the grickle grass grows. the old once ler still lives here. ask him. he knows. you wont see the once ler. dont knock at his door. he stays in his lerkim on top of his store. he lurks in his lerkim cold under the roof where he makes his own clothes out of miff muffered moof. and on special dank midnights in august he peeks out of the shutters and sometimes he speaks and tells how the lorax was lifted away. hell tell you perhaps. if youre willing to pay. on the end of a rope he lets down a tin pail and you have to toss in fifteen cents and a nail and the shell of a great great greatgrandfather snail. then he pulls up the pail makes a most careful count to see if youve paid him the proper amount. then he hides what you paid him away in his snuvv his secret strange hole in his gruvvulous glove. then he grunts i will call you by whisper ma phone for the secrets i tell you are for your ears alone. slupp. down slupps the whisper ma phone to your ear and the old once lers whispers are not very clear since they have to come down through a snergelly hose and he sounds as if he had smallish bees up his nose. now ill tell youhe says with his teeth sounding gray how the lorax got lifted and taken away. it all started way back. such a long long time back. way back in the days when the grass was still green and the pond was still wet and the clouds were still clean and the song of the swomee swans rang out in space. one morning i came to this glorious place. and i first saw the trees. the truffula trees. the bright colored tufts of the truffula trees. mile after mile in the fresh morning breeze. and under the trees i saw brown bar ba loots frisking about in their bar ba loot suits as they played in the shade and ate truffula fruits. from the rippulous pond came the comfortable sound of the humming fish humming while splashing around. but those trees. those trees. those truffula trees. all my life id been searching for trees such as these. the touch of their tufts was much softer than silk. and they had the sweet smell of fresh butterfly milk. i felt a great leaping of joy in my heart. i knew just what id do. i unloaded my cart. in no time at all i had built a small shop. then i chopped down a truffula tree with one chop. and with great skillful skill and with great speedy speed i took the soft tuft and i knitted a thneed. the instant id finished i heard a ga zump. i looked. i saw something pop out of the stump of the tree id chopped down. it was sort of a man. describe him. thats hard. i dont know if i can. he was shortish. and oldish. and brownish. and mossy. and he spoke with a voice that was sharpish and bossy. mister. he said with a sawdusty sneeze i am the lorax. i speak for the trees. i speak for the trees for the trees have no tongues. and im asking you sir at the top if my lungs  he was very upset as he shouted and puffed  whats that thing youve made out of my truffula tuft. look lorax i said.theres no cause for alarm. i chopped just one tree. i am doing no harm. im being quite useful. this thing is a thneed. a thneeds a fine something that all people need. its a shirt. its a sock. its a glove its a hat. but it has other uses. yes far beyond that. you can use it for carpets. for pillows. for sheets. or curtains. or covers for bicycle seats. the lorax said sir. you are crazy with greed. there is no one on earth who would buy that fool thneed. but the very next minute i proved he was wrong. for just at that minute a chap came along and he thought the thneed i had knitted was great. he happily bought it for three ninety eight i laughed at the lorax you poor stupid guy. you never can tell what some people will buy. i repeat cried the lorax i speak for the trees. im busy i told him. shut up if you please. i rushed cross the room and in no time at all built a radio phone. i put in a quick call. i called all my brothers and uncles and aunts and i said listen here. heres a wonderful chance for the whole once ler family to get mighty rich. get over here fast. take the road to north nitch. turn left at weehawken. sharp right at south stitch. and in no time at all in the factory i built the whole once ler family was working full tilt. we were all knitting thneeds just as busy as bees to the sound of the chopping of truffula trees. then. oh. baby. oh. how my business did grow. now chopping one tree at a time was too slow. so i quickly invented my super axe hacker which whacked off four truffula trees at one smacker. we were making thneeds four times as fast as before. and that lorax. he didnt show up any more. but the next week he knocked on my new office door. he snapped i am the lorax who speaks for the trees which you seem to be chopping as fast as you please. but im also in charge of the brown bar ba loots who played in the shade in their bar ba loot suits and happily lived eating truffula fruits. now. thanks to your hacking my trees to the ground theres not enought truffula fruit to go round. and my poor bar ba loots are all getting the crummies because they have gas and no food in their tummies. they loved living here. but i cant let them stay. theyll have to find food. and i hope that they may. good luck boys he cried. and he sent them away. i the old once ler felt sad as i watched them all go. but. business is business. and business must grow regardless of crummies in tummies you know. i meant no harm. i most truly did not. but i had to grow bigger.so bigger i got. i biggered my factory. i biggered my roads. i biggered my wagons. i biggered the loads of the thneeds i shipped out. i was shipping them forth to the south. to the east. to the west. to the north. i went right on biggering. selling more thneeds. and i biggered my money which everyone needs. then again he came back. i was fixing some pipes when that old nuisance lorax came back with more gripes. i am the lorax he coughed and he whiffed. he sneezed and he snuffled. he snarggled. he sniffed. once ler. he cried with a cruffulous croak. once ler. youre making such smogulous smoke. my poor swomee swans. why they cant sing a note. no one can sing who has smog in his throat. and so said the lorax  please pardon my coughthey cannot live here. so im sending them off. where will they go. i dont hopefully know. they may have to fly for a month. or a year. to escape from the smog youve smogged up around here. whats more snapped the lorax. his dander was up. let me say a few words about gluppity glupp. your machine chugs on day and night without stop making gluppity glupp. also schloppity schlopp. and what do you do with this leftover goo. ill show you. you dirty old once ler man you. youre glumping the pond where the humming fish hummed. no more can they hum for their gills are all gummed. so im sending them off. oh their future is dreary. theyll walk on their fins and get woefully weary in search of some water that isnt so smeary. and then i got mad. i got terribly mad. i yelled at the lorax now listen here dad. all you do is yap yap and say bad. bad. bad. bad. well i have my rights sir and im telling you i intend to go on doing just what i do. and for your information you lorax im figgering on biggering and biggering andbiggering and biggering turning more truffula trees into thneeds which everyone everyone everyone needs. and at that very moment we heard a loud whack. from outside in the fields came a sickening smack of an axe on a tree. then we heard the tree fall. the very last truffula tree of them all. no more trees. no more thneeds. no more work to be done. so in no time my uncles and aunts every one all waved me good bye. they jumped into my cars and drove away under the smoke smuggered stars. now all that was left neath the bad smelling sky was my big empty factory. the lorax. and i. the lorax said nothing. just gave me a glance. just gave me a very sad sad backward glance. as he lifted himself by the seat of his pants. and ill never forget the grim look on his face when he heisted himself and took leave of this place through a hole in the smog without leaving a trace. and all that the lorax left here in this mess was a small pile of rocks with one word. unless. whatever that meant well i just couldnt guess. that was long long ago. but each day since that day ive sat here and worried and worried away. through the years while my buildings have fallen apart ive worried about it with all of my heart. but now says the once ler now that youre here the word of the lorax seems perfectly clear. unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot nothing is going to get better. its not. so. catch. calls the once ler. he lets something fall. its a truffula seed. its the last one of all. youre in charge of the last of the truffula seeds. and truffula trees are what everyone needs. plant a new truffula.treat it with care. give it clean water. and feed it fresh air. grow a forest. protect it from axes that hack. then the lorax and all of his friends may come back.  the sneetches now the star belly sneetches had bellies with stars. the plain belly sneetches had none upon thars. those stars werent so big. they were really so small you might think such a thing wouldnt matter at all. but because they had stars all the star belly sneetches would brag were the best kind of sneetch on the beaches. with their snoots in the air they would sniff and theyd snort well have nothing to do with the plain belly sort. and whenever they met some when they were out walking theyd hike right on past them without even talking. when the star belly children went out to play ball could a plain belly get in the game. . not at all. you only could play if your bellies had stars. and the plain belly children had none upon thars. when the star belly sneetches had frankfurter roasts or picnics or parties or marshmallow toasts they never invited the plain belly sneetches. they left them out cold in the dark of the beaches. they kept them away. never let them come near. and thats how they treated them year after year. then one day it seems. while the plain belly sneetches were moping and doping alone on the beaches just sitting there wishing their bellies had stars. a stranger zipped up in the strangest of cars. my friends he announced in a voice clear and keen my name is sylvester mcmonkey mcbean. and ive heard of your troubles. ive heard youre unhappy. but i can fix that. im the fix it up chappie. ive come here to help you. i have what you need. and my prices are low. and i work at great speed. and my work is one hundred percent guaranteed. then quickly sylvester mcmonkey mcbean put together a very peculiar machine. and he said you want stars like a star belly sneetch. . my friends you can have them for three dollars each. just pay me your money and hop right aboard. so they clambered inside. then the big machine roared and it klonked. and it bonked. and it jerked. and it berked. and it bopped them about. but the thing really worked. when the plain belly sneetches popped out they had stars. they actually did. they had stars upon thars. then they yelled at the ones who had stars at the start were exactly like you. you cant tell us apart. were all just the same now you snooty old smarties. and now we can go to your frankfurter parties. good grief. groaned the ones who had stars at the first. were still the best sneetches and they are the worst. but now how in the world will we know they all frowned if which kind is what or the other way round. then up came mcbean with a very sly wink and he said things are not quite as bad as you think. so you dont know whos who. that is perfectly true. but come with me friends. do you know what ill do. ill make you again the best sneetches on the beaches and all it will cost you is ten dollars eaches. belly stars are no longer in style said mcbean. what you need is a trip through my star off machine. this wondrous contraption will take off your stars so you wont look like sneetches who have them on thars. and that handy machine working very precisely removed all the stars from their tummies quite nicely. then with snoots in the air they paraded about and they opened their beaks and they let out a shout we know who is who. now there isnt a doubt. the best kind of sneetches are sneetches without. then of course those with stars got frightfully mad. to be wearing a star now was frightfully bad. then of course old sylvester mcmonkey mcbean invited them into his star off machine. then of course from then on as you probably guess things really got into a horrible mess. all the rest of that day on those wild screaming beaches the fix it up chappie kept fixing up sneetches. off again. on again. in again. out again. through the machines they raced round and about again changing their stars every minute or two. they kept paying money. they kept running through until neither the plain nor the star bellies knew whether this one was that one. or that one was this one or which one was what one. of what one was who. then when every last cent of their money was spent the fix it up chappie packed up and he went. and he laughed as he drove in his car up the beach they never will learn. no. you cant teach a sneetch. but mcbean was quite wrong. im quite happy to say that the sneetches got really quite smart on that day the day they decided that sneetches are sneetches and no kind of sneetch is the best on the beaches. that day all the sneetches forgot about stars and whether they had one or not upon thars. i am sam i am sam sam i am that sam i am that sam i am. i do not like that sam i am do you like green eggs and ham i do not like them sam i am. i do not like green eggs and ham. would you like them here or there. i would not like them here or there. i would not like them anywhere. i do not like green eggs and ham. i do not like them sam i am would you like them in a house. would you like them with a mouse. i do not like them in a house. i do not like them with a mouse. i do not like them here or there. i do not like them anywhere. i do not like green eggs and ham. i do not like them sam i am. would you eat them in a box. would you eat them with a fox. not in a box. not with a fox. not in a house. not with a mouse. i would not eat them here or there. i would not eat them anywhere. i would not eat green eggs and ham. i do not like them sam i am. would you. could you. in a car. eat them. eat them. here they are. i would not  could not in a car you may like them. you will see. you may like them in a tree. d not in a tree. i would not could not in a tree. not in a car. you let me be. i do not like them in a box. i do not like them with a fox i do not like them in a house i do mot like them with a mouse i do not like them here or there. i do not like them anywhere. i do not like green eggs and ham. i do not like them sam i am. a train. a train. a train. a train. could you would you on a train. not on a train. not in a tree. not in a car. sam. let me be. i would not could not in a box. i could not would not with a fox. i will not eat them with a mouse i will not eat them in a house. i will not eat them here or there. i will not eat them anywhere. i do not like them sam i am. say. in the dark. here in the dark. would you could you in the dark. i would not could not in the dark. would you could you in the rain. i would not could not in the rain. not in the dark. not on a train not in a car not in a tree. i do not like them sam you see. not in a house. not in a box. not with a mouse. not with a fox. i will not eat them here or there. i do not like them anywhere. you do not like green eggs and ham. i do not like them sam i am. could you would you with a goat. i would not could not. with a goat. would you could you on a boat. i could not would not on a boat. i will not will not with a goat. i will not eat them in the rain. i will not eat them on a train. not in the dark. not in a tree. not in a car. you let me be. i do not like them in a box. i do not like them with a fox. i will not eat them in a house. i do not like them with a mouse. i do not like them here or there. i do not like them anywhere. i do not like green eggs and ham. i do not like them sam i am. you do not like them. so you say. try them. try them. and you may. try them and you may i say. sam. if you will let me be i will try them. you will see. say. i like green eggs and ham. i do. i like them sam i am. and i would eat them in a boat. and i would eat them with a goat. and i will eat them in the rain. and in the dark. and on a train. and in a car. and in a tree. they are so good so good you see. so i will eat them in a box. and i will eat them with a fox. and i will eat them in a house. and i will eat them with a mouse. and i will eat them here and there. say. i will eat them anywhere. i do so like green eggs and ham. thank you. thank you sam i am  and to think i saw it on mulberry street. when i leave home to walk to school dad always says to me marco keep your eyelids up and see what you can see. but when i tell him where ive been and what i think ive seen he looks at me and sternly says your eyesights much too keen. stop telling such outlandish tales. stop turning minnows into whales. now what can i say when i get home today. all the long way to school and all the way back ive looked and ive looked and ive kept careful track. but all that ive noticed except my own feet was a horse and a wagon on mulberry street. thats nothing to tell of that wont do of course. just a broken down wagon thats drawn by a horse. that cant be my story. thats only a start. ill say that a zebra was pulling that cart. and that is a story that no one can beat when i say that i saw it on mulberry street. yes the zebra is fine but i think its a shame such a marvelous beast with a cart thats so tame. the story would really be better to hear if the driver i saw there were a charioteer. a gold and blue chariots something to meet rumbling like thunder down mulberry street. no it wont do at all. a zebras too small. a reindeer is better  hes fast and hes fleet and hed look mighty smart on old mulberry street. hold on a minute. theres something wrong. a reindeer hates the way it feels to pull a thing that runs on wheels. hed be much happier instead if he could pull a fancy sled. hmmm. a reindeer and a sleigh. say anyone could think of that jack or fred of joe or nat   say even jane could think of that. but it isnt too late to make one little change. a sleigh and an elephant. theres something strange. say. that makes a story that no one can beat when i say that i saw it on mulberry street. but now i dont know. it still doesnt seem right. an elephant pulling a think thats so light would whip it around in the air like a kite. but hed look simply grand with a great big brass band. a band thats so good should have someone to hear it but its going so fast that its hard to keep near it. ill put on a trailer. i know they wont mind if a man sits and listens while hitched on behind. but now is it fair. is it fair what ive done. ill bet those wagons weigh more than a ton. thats really too heavy a load for one beast  ill give him some helpers. he needs two at least. but now what worries me is this. mulberry street runs into bliss. unless theres something i can fix up therell be an awful traffic mix up. it takes police to do the trick to guide them through where traffics thick   it takes police to do the trick. theyll never crash now theyll race at top speed. with sergeant mulvaney himself in the lead. the mayor is there and he thinks it is grand and he raises his hat as they dash by the stand. the mayor is there and the aldermen too all waving big banners of red white and blue. and that is a story that no one can beat when i say that i saw it on mulberry street. with a roar of its motor an airplane appears and dumps out confetti while everyone cheers and that makes a story thats really not bad. but it still could be better. suppose that i add. a chinaman who eats with sticks. a big magician doing tricks. a ten foot beard that needs a comb. no time for more im almost home. i swung round the corner and dashed through the gate i ran up the steps and i felt simply great. for i had a story that no one could beat. and to think that i saw it on mulberry street. but dad said quite calmly just draw up your stool and tell me the sights on the way home from school there was so much to tell i just couldnt begin. dad looked at me sharply and pulled at his chin. he frowned at me sternly from there in his seat was there nothing to look at.no people to greet. did nothing excite you or make your heart beat. nothing i said growing read as a beet but a plain horse and wagon on mulberry street.  one fish two fish red fish blue fish black fish blue fish old fish new fish. this one has a littlecar. this one has a little star. say. what a lot of fish there are. yes. some are red and some are blue. some are old and some are new. some are sad and some are glad and some are very very bad. why are they sad and glad and bad. i do not know go ask your dad. some are thin and some are fat. the fat one has a yellow hat. from there to here from here to there funny things are everywhere. here are some who like to run. they run for fun in the hot hot sun. oh me. oh my. oh me. oh my. what a lot of funny things go by. some have two feet and some have four. some have six feet and some have more. where do they come from. i cant say. but i bet they have come a long long way. we see them come we see them go. some are fast. some are slow. some are high. some are low. not one of them is like another. dont ask us why go ask your mother. say. look at his fingers. one two three. how many fingers do i see. one two three four five six seven eight nine ten. he has eleven. eleven. this is something new. i wish i had eleven too. bump. bump. bump. did you ever ride a wump. we have a wump with just one hump. but we know a man called mr. gump. mr. gump has a seven hump wump. so. if you like to go bump. bump. just jump on the hump of the wump of gump who am i. my name is ned i do not like my little bed. this is no good. this is not right. my feet stick out of bed all night. and when i pull them in oh dear. my head sticks out of bed up here. we like our bike. it is made for three. our mike sits up in back you see. we like our mike and this is why  mike does all the work when the hills get high. hello there ned. how do you do. tell me tell me what is new. how are things in your little bed. what is new. please tell me ned. i do not like this bed at all. a lot of things have come to call. a cow a dog a cat a mouse. oh. what a bed. oh. what a house. oh dear oh dear. i cannot hear. will you please come over near. will you please look in my ear. there must be something there i fear. say look. a bird was in your ear. but he is out. so have no fear. again your ear can hear my dear. my hat is old my teeth are gold. i have a bird i like to hold. my shoe is off my foot is cold. my shoe is off my foot is cold. i have a bird i like to hold. my hat is old my teeth are gold. and now my story is all told. we took a look. we saw a nook. on his head he had a hook. on his hook he had a book. on his book was how to cook we saw him sit and try to cook but a nook cant read so a nook cant cook. so. what good to a nook is a hook cook book. the moon was out and we saw some sheep. we saw some sheep take a walk in their sleep. by the light of the moon by the light of a star  they walked all night from near to far. i would never walk. i would take a car. i do not like this one so well. all he does is yell yell yell. i will not have this one about. when he comes in i put him out. this one is quiet as a mouse. i like to have him in the house. at our house we open cans. we have to open many cans. and that is why we have a zans. a zans for cans is very good. have you a zans for cans. you should. i like to box. how i like to box. so every day i box a gox. in yellow socks i box my gox. i box in yellow gox box socks. it is fun to sing if you sing with a ying. my ying can sing like anything. i sing high and my ying sings low. and we are not too bad you know. this one i think is called a yink. he likes to wink he likes to drink. he likes to drink and drink and drink. the thing he likes to drink is ink. the ink he likes to drink is pink. he likes to wink and drink pink ink. so. if you have a lot of ink you should get a yink i think. hop hop hop. i am a yop all i like to do is hop from finger top to finger top. i hop from left to right and then. hop hop. i hop right back again. i like to hop all day and night. from right to left and left to right. why do i like to hop hop hop. i do not know. go ask your pop. brush brush brush brush comb comb comb comb blue hair is fun to brush and comb. all girls who like to brush and comb should have a pet like this at home. who is this pet. say. he is wet. you never yet met a pet i bet as wet as they let this wet pet get. did you ever fly a kite in bed. did you ever walk with ten cats on your head. did you ever milk this kind of cow. well we can do it. we know how. if you never did you should. these things are fun and fun is good. hello hello. are you there. hello. i called you up to say hello. i said hello. can you hear me joe. oh no i cannot hear your call. i cannot hear your call at all. this is not good and i know why. a mouse has cut the wire goodbye. from near to far from here to there funny things are everywhere. these yellow pets are called the zeds. they have one hair upon their heads. their hair grows fast. so fast they say they need a haircut every day. who am i. my name is ish on my hand i have a dish. i have this dish to help me wish. when i wish to make a wish i wave my hand with a big swish swish. then i say i wish for fish. and i get fish right on my dish. so. if you wish to make a wish you may swish for fish with my ish wish dish. at our house we play out back. we play a game called ring the gack. would you like to play this game. come down. we have the only gack in town. look what we found in the park in the dark. we will take him home we will call him clark. he will live at our house he will grow and grow. will our mother like this. we dont know. and now good night. it is time to sleep so we will sleep with our pet zeep. today is gone. today was fun. tomorrow is another one. every day from here to there. funny things are everywhere.  the cat in the hat by dr. seuss the sun did not shine. it was too wet to play. so we sat in the house all that cold cold wet day. i sat there with sally. we sat there we two. and i said how i wish we had something to do. too wet to go out and too cold to play ball. so we sat in the house. we did nothing at all. so all we could do was to sit. sit. sit. sit. and we did not like it. not one little bit. bump. and then something went bump. how that bump made us jump. we looked. then we saw him step in on the mat. we looked. and we saw him. the cat in the hat. and he said to us why do you sit there like that. i know it is wet and the sun is not sunny. but we can have lots of good fun that is funny. i know some good games we could play said the cat. i know some new tricks said the cat in the hat. a lot of good tricks. i will show them to you. your mother will not mind at all if i do. then sally and i did not know what to say. our mother was out of the house for the day. but our fish said no. no. make that cat go away. tell that cat in the hat you do not want to play. he should not be here. he should not be about. he should not be here when your mother is out. now. now. have no fear. have no fear. said the cat. my tricks are not bad said the cat in the hat. why we can have lots of good fun if you wish with a game that i call up up up with a fish. put me down. said the fish. this is no fun at all. put me down. said the fish. i do not wish to fall. have no fear. said the cat. i will not let you fall. i will hold you up high as i stand on a ball. with a book on one hand. and a cup on my hat. but that is not all i can do. said the cat. look at me. look at me now. said the cat. with a cup and a cake on the top of my hat. i can hold up two books. i can hold up the fish. and a litte toy ship. and some milk on a dish. and look. i can hop up and down on the ball. but that is not all. oh no. that is not all. look at me. look at me. look at me now. it is fun to have fun but you have to know how. i can hold up the cup and the milk and the cake. i can hold up these books. and the fish on a rake. i can hold the toy ship and a little toy man. and look. with my tail i can hold a red fan. i can fan with the fan as i hop on the ball. but that is not all. oh no. that is not all. that is what the cat said. then he fell on his head. he came down with a bump from up there on the ball. and sally and i we saw all the things fall. and our fish came down too. he fell into a pot. he said do i like this. oh no. i do not. this is not a good game said our fish as he lit. no i do not like it not one little bit. now look what you did. said the fish to the cat. now look at this house. look at this. look at that. you sank our toy ship sank it deep in the cake. you shook up our house and you bent our new rake. you should not be here when our mother is not. you get out of this house. said the fish in the pot. but i like to be here. oh i like it a lot. said the cat in the hat to the fish in the pot. i will not go away. i do not wish to go. and so said the cat in the hat so so so. i will show you another good game that i know. and then he ran out. and then fast as a fox the cat in the hat came back in with a box. a big red wood box. it was shut with a hook. now look at this trick said the cat. take a look. then he got up on top with a tip of his hat. i call this game fun in a box said the cat. in this box are two things i will show to you now. you will like these two things said the cat with a bow. i will pick up the hook. you will see something new. two things. and i call them thing one and thing two. these things will not bite you. they want to have fun. then out of the box came thing two and thing one. and they ran to us fast. they said how do you do. would you like to shake hands with thing one and thing two. and sally and i did not know what to do. so we had to shake hands with thing one and thing two. we shook their two hands. but our fish said no. no. those things should not be in this house. make them go. they should not be here when your mother is not. put them out. put them out. said the fish in the pot. have no fear little fish said the cat in the hat. these things are good things. and he gave them a pat. they are tame. oh so tame. they have come here to play. they will give you some fun on this wet wet wet day. now here is a game that they like said the cat. they like to fly kites said the cat in the hat no. not in the house. said the fish in the pot. they should not fly kites in a house. they should not. oh the things they will bump. oh the things they will hit. oh i do not like it. not one little bit. then sally and i saw them run down the hall. we saw those two things bump their kites on the wall. bump. thump. thump. bump. down the wall in the hall. thing two and thing one. they ran up. they ran down. on the string of one kite we saw mothers new gown. her gown with the dots that are pink white and red. then we saw one kite bump on the head of her bed. then those things ran about with big bumps jumps and kicks and with hops and big thumps and all kinds of bad tricks. and i said i do not like the way that they play if mother could see this oh what would she say. then our fish said look. look. and our fish shook with fear. your mother is on her way home. do you hear. oh what will she do to us. what will she say. oh she will not like it to find us this way. so do something. fast. said the fish. do you hear. i saw her. your mother. your mother is near. so as fast as you can think of something to do. you will have to get rid of thing one and thing two. so as fast as i could i went after my net. and i said with my net i can get them i bet. i bet with my net i can get those things yet. then i let down my net. it came down with a plop. and i had them. at last. thoe two things had to stop. then i said to the cat now you do as i say. you pack up those things and you take them away. oh dear. said the cat you did not like our game. oh dear. what a shame. what a shame. what a shame. then he shut up the things in the box with the hook. and the cat went away with a sad kind of look. that is good said the fish. he has gone away. yes. but your mother will come. she will find this big mess. and this mess is so big and so deep and so tall we ca not pick it up. there is no way at all. and then. who was back in the house. why the cat. have no fear of this mess said the cat in the hat. i always pick up all my playthings and so. i will show you another good trick that i know. then we saw him pick up all the things that were down. he picked up the cake and the rake and the gown and the milk and the strings and the books and the dish and the fan and the cup and the ship and the fish. and he put them away. then he said that is that. and then he was gone with a tip of his hat. then our mother came in and she said to us two did you have any fun. tell me. what did you do. and sally and i did not know what to say. should we tell her the things that went on there that day. should we tell her about it. now what should we do. well. what would you do if your mother asked you.  